---
layout: default
title: Group Reflection
nav_order: 6
---

Overall, the project went well for the documentation and presentation. All members were easy-going with the choices and decisions making. Communicating and collaborating 	were good and effective regarding the current pandemic’s situation. Everyone was respectful to others. Group’s members are expressing eagerness to the project’s idea. 

Although communicating and collaborating were good, however, they could have been improved a lot. Internet services have been in delayed due to another cable issue. The network was slow, thus, affecting negatively to the collaboration of students. In the next semesters, we would love the pandemic to be over, so we can collaborate in person, which yields higher efficiency and effectiveness. 

On the other hand, social distancing and online communication methods have affect negatively on people’s productivity. Our group took each task and work slowly, and we didn’t concentrate on completing it as fast as we could. The procrastination for our group was huge. 

Nevertheless, our group has worked hard for the last 2 weeks, making sure everything was ready. 

In the following section, each member will be given their feedbacks regarding the group work:

* **Dinh Pham**: The group was collaborating well. However, the working standard was low for the works in the group. I had to make a lot of adjustment for the documentation. Therefore, I had to do more works than others. I was surprised by how the documentation was longer than I expected. I have also learnt that there will always be negotiation and arguments. I just must work with the members to resolve them. However, everyone has done their tasks and met deadlines in such a short time. I admire their efforts for trying to complete the works with their best try. It could have been such a bad team where people drop the course or don’t respond to the group or don’t finish the assigned tasks. I am thankful for having such a hard-working team.

* **Phat Bui**: The group did work well with each other despite some small conflicts about the standard of the work, but it was already resolved so everything was good. I believe the communication between team members could have been better since most of the team chat logs are nothing but orders and deadlines. I believe if the members talk to each other and get to know each other more than the conflicts wouldn’t have happened. I was surprised by the fact that we finished this on time since we did start working on this project quite late but I’m glad that everything went well. This project helped me realize that despite having a plan something will always go wrong. I believe if anyone has any problems, they must talk about it to either the whole group or the leader sooner rather than later.

* **Long Nguyen**: During my short time working with the group, I have learned a lot of good things about team cooperation and gained insight in a variety of new experiences about the IT world. With Dinh taking the initiative in being the leader of the group, I found out that everyone in the group can collaborate very well and communicate with each other effectively as everyone is responsible for an assigned role with different activities needed to be done and expect to put great efforts in all of the work. Despite several conflicts between members arguing about the project’s idea, everyone was still respectful toward each other as we solved the conflicts by having each member convey their own opinions, providing feedback from other members and deciding which to pick based on the majority of the member’s votes. If there were something to be improved on, then it would be the management and organization of documentations. Instead of cramming every single documentation into a single folder, then I would create multiple sub-folders with notes to keep track of any new changes along with storing old documentations to prevent the new one from being lost or deleted by accident. One thing that I found very surprising when in the group is how incredibly fast Dinh can be when it comes to dividing the work for each member and uploading his findings as well as his writings to the group Google Drive’s folder. Moreover, I also learned that while most of the group members have graduated from high school, Dinh has already graduated from a college in Canada with a diploma which is very amazing.

* **Minh Vu**: I think overall, the outcome of the project was good and met my expectations. We could work on collaborating more as there are problems in our collaboration process though part of this is due to the move to online classes made it that we could not find out more about each other before working on this project. I was surprised by how fast we got this project from inception to the final product. One thing I learned about groups through this project is that sometimes working with unfamiliar people can have unexpectedly pleasant results.
